So now I want to create a portfolio website for myself. It should be very dynamic. Like, I love playing basketball and stargazing like night skies or something. And what else do we have? Playing basketball, etc. Some balls. A key here. And programming, like coding, etc. So these are my interests. I need to build my portfolio reflecting all these. These are the elements to be used as a game or as 3D elements or as playable objects. So interactive and dynamic website with these elements. It should first have about me. I am Dharmateja. Hola. I am a product builder. Brackets, dot, dot, dot. Full stack developer. Who loves AI and builds with AI. I am a developer. So the first section should be about me. With animations and all. And then... Then it should be like, I love... When I'm not coding, I do content creation. Like these kind of things. A boy with a pocket full of creativity. Something like this, again. These are some good, catchy lines to be used. Content creation, it should actually like a mobile phone inside which I have my socials like Telegram, Github, or other things to be navigable inside the mobile itself. And when clicked, it should redirect to the things. So it should like, not app icons. It should actually have the interface of the apps. The socials of all my... You can web search about myself and also get all the details. And I also give my resume and other things that I could give you as inputs. And then content creation is done. And then LLM response type, like in about me or anything. It's like GPT style answering question and answer type section. I would need to include somewhere, like if anything users have. They can directly chat with LLM and then get answers about myself, about my projects, about my work experience. Anything related to me only and limited to me only. And then articles, blogs. I don't know how this should be arranged because I frequently write blogs. So I cannot always edit the code. I should maintain a CMS or something like that. So that I can easily write my posts accordingly. And then achievements. Like I have a lot of achievements. Winner at world's largest AI hackathon with Cartify project. Won $5,000 credits and also crop startup program support. And in Raise Your Track. Raise in Grok and Lama track. And also one honorable mention in QLOO LLM hackathon. Clue LLM hackathon. Clue LLM hackathon. And also I even get all the details from my resume and my LinkedIn. And then latest projects you can fetch the GitHub. And work experience you can get again from my resume. And contact form, resume, download resume buttons, skills, tools, links. These all should be very interactive, modern, aesthetic. And at the same time not AI generated website type with glass morphisms. And professional at the same time very creative. And with 3D like element, gameplays, etc., etc. Very engaging one.So, make this in Next.js and keep the ratio small so that it looks very aesthetic. Because if you make very big, big, big ratio-sized screens, it looks very bad again. And also figure out which libraries to use, like 3.js or anything. Which libraries to use exactly so that you get those animations, frame of motion, and what else we have, like 3D game elements, etc. So literally it should be very interactive and literally there should be games in there. And also like mobile buttons, like some rectangular, rounded rectangular buttons and squares that are mobile, like you can place it from one place to another. And then again, on top, there should be like how many users, like how many friends are watching at the same time, like how many friends are here looking at the same portfolio. Like if I have my portfolio open and my friend is viewing and then some other two friends are also viewing my portfolio at the same time, he should actually see those two friends like two friends are online and with their nationality, like he can see their mouses moving around there and there with their flag, like a country flag below the mouse. So something like that. And again, everything should be very awesome. The cadmium creation, but you need to think of all the possible creativeness that you could use and make this happen. Use some freely available models, LLM for instance, you can bring Gemini or anything. If you need any API or need to set up anything, please tell me how and exactly where to go and where to put so that I can do all that. And then again.Also, there should be no authentication or no database. Anything just should also... No, I don't know actually. They require, they require like... I don't know. Don't matter then.

here is the prompt generated
Goal:
Build a modern, highly interactive portfolio website for "Dharma Teja Pola" (alias Dharmateja) using Next.js (app router). The site must be performant, mobile-first, and visually creative while staying professional. Include 3D/interactive/game-like elements that reflect my interests: basketball, stargazing/night-sky, content creation (mobile-phone UI), and programming. The final repo must be production-ready and deployable on Vercel.

Primary details to embed in the site:

Name: Dharma Teja Pola (Dharma Teja / Dharmateja)

Email: dteja2468@gmail.com
(or dharmatejapola@gmail.com
)

Phone: +918688524907

College: Parul Institute of Engineering and Technology

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/dharmatejapola

GitHub: https://github.com/teja-pola

Twitter/X: https://x.com/tejapola
_

Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/teja.techh/

Telegram: @tejapola

Attachments: include provided resume PDFs and profile image in repository public/ so they can feed RAG and content pages.

Stack and core libraries (exact):

Framework: Next.js (App Router, TypeScript)

Styling: Tailwind CSS + shadcn/ui for components

3D & interactive: react-three-fiber + @react-three/drei + drei helpers

Physics / interactivity: @react-three/rapier or use use-cannon / rapier integration

UI animations: framer-motion

Gestures / drag: @use-gesture/react

State: zustand

CMS for blog/posts: Git-based CMS like Netlify CMS or TinaCMS (Git-backed) so posts are editable without editing code. Provide optional Sanity.io / Contentful integration as advanced alternative.

RAG/LLM Q&A: serverless embedding + vector DB. Provide two options:

Minimal/no-DB: generate embeddings at deploy-time from resume + GitHub README + blog posts, store JSON + embeddings in public/ and perform client-side retrieval with a small in-memory ANN (faiss-like) or simple cosine search. Use OpenAI (text-embedding-3) or an open embedding model. This allows no DB setup.

Scalable: use Qdrant (free tier) or Pinecone for vector storage. Provide scripts for indexing resume PDFs, GitHub READMEs, LinkedIn summary and blog content.

Chat model: OpenAI/Anthropic or optional hosted open models. Provide code that limits knowledge to only uploaded/resume/GitHub data (RAG).

Presence / "friends online" live cursors: Supabase Realtime or Pusher Channels (free tier) via a lightweight WebSocket presence service. No auth required: ephemeral guest sessions with display name and country flag (allow user to share a name). Show cursor movements and small flag next to cursor.

Analytics / performance: use Vercel, image CDN, and Next/Image optimization.

High-level pages and components:

Hero / About (first fold)

3D starry sky background (interactive). A small 3D basketball that orbits or responds to mouse/tilt.

Animated typed intro: "Hola. I am Dharmateja. Product builder... Full stack developer who loves AI and builds with AI."

CTA buttons: View Resume (download), Contact (form), Chat about me (LLM).

Mobile Phone Component

A realistic phone 3D or 2D card that you can open. Inside it show interactive mini-app UIs for socials: Telegram, GitHub, LinkedIn, Instagram, X. When user clicks an app UI, open external link.

Make apps look like real app interfaces (not just icons). Use screenshots or create simple simulated interfaces.

Projects (Latest Projects)

Auto-fetch latest repos from GitHub for select repos (Cartify, Zesty, Zeo) via GitHub REST API at build time.

Each project card with 3D thumbnail (GLB) or interactive preview (playable/demo).

Blogs/CMS

Git-backed CMS so you can write posts with images and publish without code edits. Use Markdown rendering with MDX for embeds.

Achievements

Animated timeline with badges, filters, and modal details.

Skills / Tools

Interactive tags you can drag into a "toolbox".

Game / Playable Objects Area

Small mini-game: shoot basketball(s) into a hoop; successful shots trigger confetti and increment a counter. Use react-three-fiber and basic physics. Allow user to drag "pocket items" (keys, ball, star) onto the scene.

Chat with LLM about me

LLM QA box limited only to indexed personal assets: resume PDFs, GitHub READMEs, LinkedIn summary, blog posts. Implement basic RAG retrieval, then send to LLM for answer. Expose a simple "privacy" note: answers only use indexed material.

No authentication required; rate-limit per IP.

Presence/Live Viewers

Show small overlay with avatars and flags of live viewers. Use Supabase or Pusher for ephemeral presence.

Performance & bundle-slimming rules:

Lazy-load 3D and heavy libraries only when user interacts or on non-critical route.

Use dynamic imports and suspense for heavy components.

Compress GLB with Draco, optimize textures, use LOD.

Keep initial JS under ~200-400 KB if possible by splitting and deferring third-party libs.

Use Vercel image CDN and Next/Image.

Dev steps and commands:

npx create-next-app@latest my-portfolio --ts --tailwind

Install: yarn add react-three-fiber @react-three/drei @react-three/rapier framer-motion zustand @use-gesture/react shadcn/ui

Add Netlify CMS or TinaCMS config; provide an "admin" path to push posts to Git.

Add scripts: "index-data" to build embeddings from resume and blog posts (node script).

Provide .env.example listing required keys:

free models apikey

VECTOR_DB_API_KEY (if using Qdrant/Pinecone)

SUPABASE_URL + SUPABASE_ANON_KEY (if using Supabase presence)

Deploy: Vercel recommended. Set env vars in Vercel dashboard.

Deliverables and acceptance criteria:

Full Next.js repo with TypeScript, working blog CMS, LLM QA feature limited to personal data, playable mini-game, mobile phone socials UI, achievements timeline, resume download, contact form (serverless form via Vercel).

Documentation README: how to run locally, index embeddings, deploy to Vercel, where to set envs.

Performance checklist: lazy-load 3D, compress assets, Lighthouse target: perf >= 60 on desktop initial. and full responsive

Accessibility: keyboard navigable, alt tags, ARIA labels.

Extras to provide to the builder:

Use uploaded PDFs as source documents for indexing and RAG.

Use the uploaded profile image for hero avatar.

Use GitHub repo list provided in resume to auto-generate project cards.

If anything is too heavy for one pass, deliver a staged plan: Phase 1 (MVP): About, Hero, Projects, Blog via Git CMS, LLM QA with local in-memory RAG, Resume download, Contact form. Phase 2: Add full multiplayer presence, advanced physics mini-game, vector DB and scalable RAG.




so i need everything small looks small and small ratios like nextjs very professionla not so big to the screen and more not like a ai generated one like purple and graidents etc  i dotn like that i need something like an more professional and small ratio to screen that use good font 


use these websites for refernces https://dhravya.dev/
https://harshil.dev/
https://dayadzn.in/?fbclid=PAZXh0bgNhZW0CMTEAAad8UX37kJ2kr95Xc6r34G_ceE2fu1LnZuupBY0qNY73EeYTlUUit1bEKUqYag_aem_TFZ6eiZEDR9vtAjJ_t1WtA
